(crew speaks indistinctly)
(amplifiers whirring)
(mellow alternative rock music)
♪ On a cobweb afternoon ♪
♪ In a room full of emptiness ♪
♪ By a freeway I confess ♪
♪ I was lost in the pages ♪
♪ Of a book full of death ♪
♪ Reading how we'll die alone ♪
♪ And if we're good, we'll lay to rest ♪
♪ Anywhere we wanna go ♪
♪ In your house ♪
♪ I long to be ♪
♪ Room by room, patiently ♪
♪ I'll wait for you there ♪
♪ Like a stone ♪
♪ Alone ♪
(mellow alternative rock music)
♪ And on my deathbed I will pray ♪
♪ To the gods and the angels ♪
♪ Like a pagan to anyone ♪
♪ Who will take me to Heaven ♪
♪ To a place I recall ♪
♪ I was there so long ago ♪
♪ The sky was bruised ♪
♪ The wine was bled ♪
♪ And there you led me on ♪
♪ In your house ♪
♪ I long to be ♪
♪ Room by room, patiently ♪
♪ I'll wait for you there ♪
♪ Like a stone ♪
♪ Alone ♪
(mellow alternative rock music)
♪ And on I read ♪
♪ Until the day was gone ♪
♪ And I sat in regret ♪
♪ Of all the things I've done ♪
♪ For all that I've blessed ♪
♪ And all that I've wronged ♪
♪ In dreams until my death ♪
♪ I will wander on ♪
♪ In your house ♪
♪ I long to be ♪
♪ Room by room, patiently ♪
♪ I'll wait for you there ♪
♪ Like a stone ♪
♪ Alone ♪
(amplifier whirs)
- [Director] Cut. Let's start at the top.
(crew speaks indistinctly)